[DOP-19933] - update worker, scheduler, keycloak documentation (#147)
MobileTeleSystems/syncmaster: docs/backend/auth/keycloak.rst

Basic configuration
-------------------

.. autopydantic_model:: syncmaster.backend.settings.auth.keycloak.KeycloakAuthProviderSettings
.. autopydantic_model:: syncmaster.backend.settings.auth.keycloak.KeycloakSettings
.. autopydantic_model:: syncmaster.backend.settings.auth.jwt.JWTSettings

Local installation and testing
-----------------------------

You can test Keycloak auth locally with docker compose:

.. code-block:: console

    $ docker compose -f docker-compose.test.yml up keycloak -d

At first, you have to go to `http://localhost:8080/admin <http://localhost:8080/admin>`_ and login via login: `admin`, password: `admin` (by default) to create realms.

.. image:: images/keycloak-login.png
   :width: 400px
   :align: center

> Create new realm:

Reviewer: IMHO it's better to replace:
```
Make something:

.. image

text
```

with:
```
Make something
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. image

text
```

As it allows to navigate through headers on the right side of a page.

.. image:: images/keycloak-new-realm.png
   :width: 400px
   :align: center

Create new realm: pass realm name value. Then pass it to `SYNCMASTER__AUTH__KEYCLOAK__REALM_NAME` environment variable:

.. code-block:: console

    $ export SYNCMASTER__AUTH__KEYCLOAK__REALM_NAME=fastapi_realm  # as on screen below

.. image:: images/keycloak-new-realm_name.png
   :width: 400px
   :align: center

Create new client in created realm:

.. image:: images/keycloak-new-client.png
   :width: 400px
   :align: center

Create new client in created realm: pass client name value. Then pass it to `SYNCMASTER__AUTH__KEYCLOAK__CLIENT_ID` environment variable:

.. code-block:: console

>     $ export SYNCMASTER__AUTH__KEYCLOAK__REALM_NAME=fastapi_client  # as on screen below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ export SYNCMASTER__AUTH__KEYCLOAK__CLIENT_ID=fastapi_client  # as on screen below
```
